---
layout: post
tags: [roadtrip, Scandinavia]
date: 2024/07/31
title: "From Svedala to Nordkapp - a 1289 kWh roadtrip "
permalink: /blog/2024/07/roadtrip
image:
 feature: roadtrip-2024.png
---

Two days ago, I wrapped up a road trip that was nothing short of epic. It started in the quaint town of Svedala in southern Sweden, and from there, we drove through the heart of Norway – Oslo, Stavanger, and up the stunning coastline to Trondheim.

The landscape? Pure magic. Mountains that touch the sky, serene seas, majestic waterfalls, and greenery that stretches for miles. Each view was a reminder of nature’s grandeur and our place within it.

Now, let’s talk about driving a Tesla on this journey. It wasn’t just about the destination but the journey itself. Charging stations were everywhere, but the real game-changer? Regenerative braking. Cruising downhill, our battery percentage went up more than it had dropped on the uphill. Efficiency at its finest.

From Trondheim, the adventure called us further north to Nordkapp, the edge of Scandinavia. Driving through Sweden’s vast landscapes, I couldn’t help but think about how small our daily lives feel against the backdrop of the world, and the universe. Imagine if energy were limitless, and we could go anywhere, anytime, without limits. That’s a future worth striving for.

Reaching the end of Sweden, we had another 500 km to Nordkapp. That leg of the journey brought our total to 4000 km. Perfect weather followed us, and Nordkapp greeted us with sunny skies and no wind. Experiencing 24-hour daylight was surreal, especially driving "at night" with sunglasses on.

Our return took us down the east coast of Sweden, adding another 2500 km of awe-inspiring views. In nine days, we covered 6630 km, using a total of 1289 kWh of energy. This trip wasn’t just about the distance; it was about breaking boundaries and dreaming bigger.

This was more than a road trip. It was a journey into the possible.
